README.md, before:

# BarrelEmerge

This is a simulation of the growth of axons which demonstrates how the
whisker barrel field pattern can selforganize in the presence of only
two orthogonal molecular guidance cues. It is the code behind the
following paper:

James, Krubitzer & Wilson. 2020. *Modelling the emergence of whisker
barrels*. eLife. DOI: https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.55588

The emergence of whisker barrels is demonstated in a modified
Karbowski-Ermentrout-like axon branching population model.

For instructions on reproducing the results of the paper, see the
README.md file in the scripts subdirectory.

Before you do that, you'll need to build this simulation code, which
is compiled against our library of research software,
morphologica. So, first, obtain and build morphologica (it has its own
README.md with instructions). morphologica can be obtained here on
github:

https://github.com/ABRG-Models/morphologica/tree/papers/BarrelEmerge_eLife

(Note that I've linked to you a particular branch of morphologica, in
case any future changes there break the compilation of this version of
BarrelEmerge).

Once you've compiled and installed morphologica, you can compile
BarrelEmerge:

```bash
cd BarrelEmerge
mkdir build
pushd build
cmake ..
make -j4 # or however many cores you have
# (no need to install, you'll run the simulations in place)
popd
```

**Note:** You'll ideally have an OpenMP-capable compiler. You'll
probably need libomp as well, because even though my code doesn't use
the runtime part of OpenMP, Armadillo does so if OpenMP is
present. You get OpenMP/libomp for free with gcc on a modern Linux
computer; on a Mac, you will have to install libomp from source
(follow instructions at https://openmp.llvm.org/ finishing up with a
final `make install`).

Now you can read how to reproduce the experiments. To reproduce all of
the results, see ./scripts/README.md. To graph the resulting data, see
./analysis/README.md.

To reproduce, and simultaneously view, the main result, as presented
in Fig. 1C, you can run one simulation:

```bash
./build/sim/james_comp2 ./configs/rat/41N2M_thalguide_Fig1.json
```

**Note:** The simulation is computationally demanding. It takes about
11 minutes to run the 50000 steps of Fig. 1C simulation on a 6-core
gaming laptop (with an 8th gen Intel Core i9 processor and with the code
compiled with OpenMP to use all the cores). An older, 6th gen Core i5
laptop (2 cores) needed 23 minutes for the same simulation.

If you have any trouble, please post an issue on github at
https://github.com/ABRG-Models/BarrelEmerge/issues and I will do my
best to help.

Seb James, September 2020.

Commit message:

Adds git commands for checkout and changing to eLife branch

README.md, after:

# BarrelEmerge

This is a simulation of the growth of axons which demonstrates how the
whisker barrel field pattern can selforganize in the presence of only
two orthogonal molecular guidance cues. It is the code behind the
following paper:

James, Krubitzer & Wilson. 2020. *Modelling the emergence of whisker
barrels*. eLife. DOI: https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.55588

The emergence of whisker barrels is demonstated in a modified
Karbowski-Ermentrout-like axon branching population model.

For instructions on reproducing the results of the paper, see the
README.md file in the scripts subdirectory.

Before you do that, you'll need to build this simulation code, which
is compiled against our library of research software,
morphologica. So, first, obtain and build morphologica (it has its own
README.md with instructions). morphologica can be obtained here on
github:

https://github.com/ABRG-Models/morphologica/tree/papers/BarrelEmerge_eLife

(Note that I've linked to you a particular branch of morphologica, in
case any future changes there break the compilation of this version of
BarrelEmerge).

Once you've compiled and installed morphologica, you can compile
BarrelEmerge:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/ABRG-Models/BarrelEmerge.git
cd BarrelEmerge
git checkout eLife # It's important to be on the right branch
mkdir build
pushd build
cmake ..
make -j4 # or however many cores you have
# (no need to install, you'll run the simulations in place)
popd
```

**Note:** You'll ideally have an OpenMP-capable compiler. You'll
probably need libomp as well, because even though my code doesn't use
the runtime part of OpenMP, Armadillo does so if OpenMP is
present. You get OpenMP/libomp for free with gcc on a modern Linux
computer; on a Mac, you will have to install libomp from source
(follow instructions at https://openmp.llvm.org/ finishing up with a
final `make install`).

Now you can read how to reproduce the experiments. To reproduce all of
the results, see ./scripts/README.md. To graph the resulting data, see
./analysis/README.md.

To reproduce, and simultaneously view, the main result, as presented
in Fig. 1C, you can run one simulation:

```bash
./build/sim/james_comp2 ./configs/rat/41N2M_thalguide_Fig1.json
```

**Note:** The simulation is computationally demanding. It takes about
11 minutes to run the 50000 steps of Fig. 1C simulation on a 6-core
gaming laptop (with an 8th gen Intel Core i9 processor and with the code
compiled with OpenMP to use all the cores). An older, 6th gen Core i5
laptop (2 cores) needed 23 minutes for the same simulation.

If you have any trouble, please post an issue on github at
https://github.com/ABRG-Models/BarrelEmerge/issues and I will do my
best to help.

Seb James, September 2020.
