## Scripts

Scripts to re-generate the simulation data presented in the paper. To
run these scripts, you must first build the software in a directory
called build/. See the top level README.md for instructions.

If you run all of the scripts listed here, then you will have
generated all the data to reproduce the results in our paper.

The data is saved into ./logs/. To run all of the simulations, you
will need about 30 GB of space available.

I would suggest running just main_results.sh first, which only takes
about 15 minutes and allows you to watch the simulation as it computes.

### main_results.sh

This runs three simulations; the simulation whose results are
presented in Fig. 1 and those shown in Fig. 4. Examine this script to
see how to run the simulations one by one. You'll get a sense of how
long the other scripts will take by timing the
41N2M_thalguide_Fig4cd.json simulation (it runs for 30000 steps, like
most of the scripted simulations whereas the Fig 1 sim runs for 50000
steps).

### paramexplore_comp2.sh

Runs the Fig 1 simulation 216 times with different values of the
parameters D, epsilon(aka F) and alpha/beta. Care! This will take
about a day on a fast computer.

### multirun_anoiseless.sh, multirun_anoise.sh and multirun_comp2.sh

Run these three scripts to generate 10 runs of the Fig 1 sim, with
varying levels of initial noise in a_i(t=0). 10 simulations per
script.

### gamma_noise.sh

Runs the simulation with varying levels of noise in the interaction
(gamma) parameters (Fig 3). 20 simulations.

### guidance_noise.sh

Runs the simulation with varying levels of noise in the guidance
fields (Fig 3). 25 simulations.

### sensitivity_guide1.sh

Runs the simulation with perturbations to the guidance fields (Fig
3). 25 simulations.

### whisker_trim.sh

Explores the effect of 'trimming' an individual whisker (C3) by
reducing its competition parameter (epsilon). This runs several
simulations with different epsilons for C3. 17 simulations.

### whisker_rowtrim.sh

Explores the effect of 'trimming' a row of whiskers (row C) by
reducing the competition parameter (epsilon) for each whisker in the
row. This runs several simulations with different epsilons. 17
simulations.

## Reproducing the graphs

The python code to generate the graphs from the data generated by
these simulations is in BarrelEmerge/analysis/. See the README file
there for details.
